Task analysis

The goal for my user will be to make a presentation that engages and impresses the audience. 
The tasks the user needs to accomplish include:
1)	Identifying the audience and defining the audience’s characteristics, attention span, and reason for attending.
2)	Gathering the information to present.
3)	Organizing and ordering the information.
4)	Downloading the HTML presentation framework.
5)	Learning how to use the framework.
User goal for my task analysis:
Use Reveal.js to create a presentation that engages and impresses the audience.
Tasks to accomplish this goal:
1)	Download Reveal.js
2)	Install Reveal.js
3)	Make first Reveal.js slide
4)	Work through reasons the slide doesn’t look like you want it to.
5)	This is where I am at this point.
I will include items 1-3 in the first version as prerequisites. I assume that the users have a basic grasp about the process of creating a presentation without Reveal.js.
Reference topic: Lynda.com tutorial
Concept topic: HTML as the basis for creating presentations
The mental and physical steps will include thinking about the purpose of the presentation, gathering and ordering the content, and using a mouse and keyboard to interact with the framework.
The time and conditions of the task could be any time of day. The user may have a different type of electronic media depending on location – could be inside, outside, at home or on a plane.
Anyone who wants to give a presentation would perform the task – a university professor, a student, a member of a club.
Potential distractions include kids, pets, spouse, students, electronics that don’t work, the room not having the necessary equipment, or forgetting the computer.
The user needs to know where to obtain the framework, how to organize a presentation, the information to present, and the information the audience needs or wants.
I don’t currently know the sequence of tasks because I don’t yet know how to build a presentation using a framework.
The expected result is an impressive presentation.

